Align option name for `aad group get` (#5441)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/aad/group/group-get.mdx

m365 aad group get --id 1caf7dcd-7e83-4c3a-94f7-932a1299c844
```

> Get information about an Azure AD Group by displayName

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get information about an Azure AD Group by its display name
```
